Infusions with high-dose methotrexate (HDMTX) are used in most treatment ‎protocols for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL).‎About 1.8-4% of patients treated with HDMTX (1-5 g/m²) develop renal toxicity with severely ‎delayed MTX elimination. Patients are typically re-exposed to HDMTX, but detailed ‎information on dosage, MTX elimination, toxicity, and the number of tolerable subsequent ‎HDMTX infusions are missing. Currently, there are no evidence-based guidelines on how ‎patients with severely delayed MTX elimination should be re-exposed to HDMTX. Single ‎nucleotide polymorphisms in genes encoding transporter proteins (e.g. SLCO1B1, ABCC2 and ‎SLCO1A19) are associated with MTX clearance. However, conclusive evidence pointing to ‎genetic variations and its association with severely delayed MTX elimination is still missing [1]. ‎Methods:‎The study is a collaboration between investigators participating in the PdL/BFM toxicity ‎working group. The data will be collected by members of the PdL toxicity group who will be ‎representatives in the study. ‎In this study will Machine learning models, based on genotype data and information on ‎hematologic, renal, hepatic, infectious and neurological toxicity, (approximately 80 parameters ‎per. MTX infusion) will help determine re-exposure time. These ML models will differentiate ‎substantial from mechanistic modelling approaches [2]. Using state-of-the-art modelling, we gain ‎insight into which feature transformations would be most pertinent, which features were least ‎useful in modelling the target variable, and the type and strength of model regularization that ‎would suit this problem best. In our interest to provide translational tools that benefit the primary ‎physician's, our approach will produce transparent and interpretable models, compared to current ‎black-box tools [3]. ‎Primary aim: ‎Develop a computer program that uses genetic and clinical information from each patient to ‎predict the risk of toxicity. ‎Bibliography‎[1]Jarvis, K. B., et al. "Candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms and thromboembolism in ‎acute lymphoblastic leukaemia – A NOPHO ALL2008 study". Thrombosis Research, 109410. ‎https://doi.org/10.1016/j.thromres.2019.11.002 (2019)‎‎[2]Lee, S. I., et al. "A machine learning approach to integrate big data for precision medicine in ‎acute myeloid leukaemia". Nature Communications, 9(1). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-017-‎‎02465-5 (2018)‎‎[3]C. Rudin, "Stop Explaining Black-Box Machine Learning Models for High Stakes Decisions ‎and Use Interpretable Models Instead," arXiv:1811.10154 [cs, stat], Sep. 2019.‎